Hello this is Kirill from forexboat dot com.
And welcome back to the course on testing and optimization in meditator for today is going to be a very
exciting tutorial because so far we've done our back tests our optimizations and our forward tests and
today's the day we finally get to launch our demo test.
As you can see here I have four different Ameritrade or four terminals open and the markets have just
fired up it's just past midnight according to server time.
And we're going to be using these four metro to four terminals to launch four separate tests or two
sets of parameters for our expert advise a simple system version five point 0.
And then we'll be tracking the progress of these separate sets on these four different demo accounts
over the coming weeks.
All of this is actually happening on a virtual private server.
And I can demonstrate that to you by just making this window a bit smaller and moving around.
So this over here at the bar behind me is my computer this window is actually a virtual private server
which is located somewhere elsewhere in the world.
And I've launched the military installed and launched Ameritrade has four terminals on the virtual private
server and I'm going to keep it running 24/7 that way we can avoid any interruptions to these demo tests
.
Now I have already copied the expert advise it to the terminals as you can see over here.
However now I we need to copy the sets of parameters so how do we do that.
Well if I go to my computer of the virtual private server you'll see that I can only access the local
drive of the DP.
Now I'll show you how to get these files onto the virtual private server.
We're going to close this window so that will keep our virtual private server running.
But at the same time we'll just to close the connection to it.
So we won't see what's happening.
Now I've already prepared these files over here.
Now in this folder on my D drive is called files for my forex VPS.
And then in the fall some folder sets I have the four sets that we want to run.
So if I launch my BP connection now and I go to Options local resources more drives she not all dredges
the D drive.
I click OK connect.
Yes.
And what you'll see now is that I'm actually allowing the server to access my
Majdi drive remotely.
And now if we go to my computer here right away you can see the D drive on my computer at home which
is which is great.
That means now I can transfer the files very seamlessly.
I'm just going to access the D drive right now.
There we go.
And now I need to find files for my forex VPS and sets.
And as you can see the files are being copied to my virtual private server desktop.
So while that's copying I just wanted to mention that these tips and tricks are on setting up your virtual
private server and actually some but very important and useful information.
They can all be found in my course which is called FOREX BOAT VPS set up for algorithmic trading.
It's a course that I developed over the years of my experience of working with Witchell private servers
and apart from Handey things like copying files like this from this course you can learn how to set
up your virtual private server in a way that it is failsafe that if something happens and because of
some maintenance Shettles it reboots then automatically your metatrader 4 terminals will self launch
and they'll be a watchdog making sure that the connection is right with your server and so on.
So very detailed guide on how to set up your virtual processor for reliable for extruding So check out
that course if if you're interested if you using VIPIR servers.
You can fight it on you Jimmy or you can find it on my web site.
It is a premium course but if you are using virtual processors for real trading then it can actually
definitely benefit you in the sense of minimizing your risks and exposure during trading.
All right so back to our course now if we open these terminals and we want we we just want to launch
the expert advisor now.
And so that we have a whole test running from the start of this week.
There we go so we're starting the test.
I'm still saying 7th September.
It's actually according to server time it's Monday the 8th of September 2014 so we're on the run it
maybe for a couple of weeks starting from today.
So all we want to do is copy simple system already.
I've already allowed all the trading we're going to choose for inputs we're going to choose our sets
of parameters and they're located on the desktop sets.
So this one will be said one to turn our set and so 10.
Yep that looks good.
Okay.
So run run that as you can see is expert advise has been launched.
Simple system here.
We're going to launch a second one
.
Okay.
So set by the way I ordered these sets and the numbers of these sets correspond to the amount of profit
they yielded during our back test and including for it.
So that is that was that was the most profitable set the second most profitable set.
This is going to be the third other are the ones that we chose of course.
So we're just launching one more.
And finally the last one
.
Okay.
So there we go all expert advisors launched and we'll check in soon to see how it's all going.